he has some real characters on his show
that's for sure
welcome to Ms mojo and today we're
counting down our picks for the top 10
most shocking guests on dr. Phil I can
be controlling manipulative I want to
know what's happening when it's
happening why it's happening
before we begin we publish new content
every day so be sure to subscribe to our
Channel and ring the bell to get
notified about our latest videos for
this list we'll be looking at the 10
most unsettling guests that have ever
appeared on dr. Phil and ranking them
based on their creepiness and shock
factor Oh my granddaughter cusses me out
and she pulled my hair and she's kicked
me number 10
Danielle Burr goalie exactly how you off
at the therapist you don't talk yeah you
have to be pretty darned memorable on
this program to become a meme
Danielle bra goalie now known as a
rapper bad baby both stunned and
entertained the world when she appeared
on dr. Phil and her signature
catchphrase cash me outside how bout da
instantly became a cultural sensation
[Applause]
but while that was funny and all the
then 13-year old bra goalie was still a
very scary and shocking guest she openly
admitted to stealing credit cards and
vehicles laughed while describing
instances of physical violence towards
her mother and threatened to fight both
her mother and the audience so young and
so disturbing I steal cars I still hurt
credit card I go Eliza reason why
everybody know already night number 9
Tyler Perry's wife I met Tyler Perry
through his official Facebook account a
woman by the name of Carla appeared on
dr. Phil claiming to be Tyler Perry's
wife only you know she isn't according
to her perry messaged her on facebook
and they instantly became friends no he
proposed to you all via video he
proposed to me on video through an app
mm-hmm so you saw him no I didn't see
you once
Tyler proposed over the Internet he
asked for money for his various
charities and Carla sent him one hundred
thousand dollars leaving her broke her
daughter's rightfully assumed that it
was all a scam but Carla wasn't having
any
but do I believe I'm being scammed no I
don't believe I'm being scammed she also
believed herself to be the mother of
Perry's real son somehow it's a sad and
upsetting story combining the worst
aspects of celebrity worship and
gullibility
he's real it's possible it is not
possible that he's fake I wouldn't be
here doing this I'm not that type of
person to waste my time number eight
Payton's racist father but that's called
Masonic Ritter a monster a creature a
lot of things can tear a family apart
including racism guessed Peyton's dad is
a member of the KKK who served nine
years in prison for manufacturing bombs
to blow up in abortion clinic he also
refuses to acknowledge his grandson
Payton's child because he is half black
one drop of non-white blood it ceases to
be human and since it's not human it is
not my grandchild according to Payton
her father has called her child critter
monster and ape in his words his
grandson is not human because he's not
100% white and because he isn't human he
couldn't possibly be his grandson it's a
sickening heartbreaking story and one of
dr. Phil's most challenging to watch I
love my daughter with all my heart but
the thing is I cannot go against my
moral and they're just beliefs and
accept her child number seven
McKenzie and her family we constantly
have to keep an eye on Mackenzie because
we never know what she's gonna do next
nine-year-old Mackenzie is a hard child
to manage as seen in home videos of her
toppling furniture screaming and
attempting to bite her mother her mother
also claims as she has punched her
brother in the face thrown scissors at a
teacher and attempted to topple her
cousin's crib she also relays a horrific
story of the time McKenzie stood in
traffic hoping to die so when we were at
my sister's house Mackenzie ran into a
busy road and just stood there just
holding her arms out she's definitely a
disturbed child and her ongoing
treatment including heavy doses of
pharmaceuticals isn't any comfort or
help we're still her father allegedly
beats her with a belt what a tragic
and shocking story I don't have the
vocabulary to tell you how outraged I am
at the medications that have been thrown
at this child number six
Tonya Ramirez you first knew what you
were doing yeah now here's a story for
the ages a 29 year old teacher by the
name of Tonya Ramirez gave her phone
number to a 17 year old student this
student then appeared at her doorstep
one night and they had sex and the
student filmed the encounter with his
phone he then distributed the video to
his friends and it soon spread
throughout the school leading to
Ramirezes termination and a
second-degree felony charge she in turn
sued the student and his mother for
defamation if she's not a sexual
predator as she says that she's not then
why did you plead no contest to a second
charge to make matters worse the
students mother called the sex tape not
that good implying that she you know
watched her son's sex tape you can't
make stuff like this up did you think he
showed it around school for bragging
rights from what I've heard yes it was
exactly what it was number five Patricia
my mother did a local news story telling
everyone that she had stage three cancer
it doesn't get much worse than lying
about cancer to get attention a woman by
the name of Patricia claimed to have
stage three cancer and according to
Patricia's daughter she told her story
on a local news channel to receive
attention and collect possible donations
I need dr. Phil's help to tell her that
she in fact does not have cancer and
that what she is doing is wrong
Patricia then told Phil that she had
brain cancer had numerous tumors removed
and that her entire face was detached
for the procedure I have had 17 strokes
brain surgery plates in my head
pneumonia collapsed lungs into
near-death experiences and while she did
in fact have some form of brain surgery
her medical records disapprove almost
everything else she said according to
Patricia's daughter she made this story
up after her husband died it's
exploitation but hey that's dr. Phil
well you don't need to be a doctor to
know you can't lose a hundred pounds in
six days unless they're cutting off body
parts number four and Eska violence
makes me feel comfortable
here's another awful story featuring
twelve-year-old anezka
according to her parents an Eska is out
of control to put it mildly
how so while she chooses her siblings
with knives chokes her sister and sets
fire to comforters they also say that
she once killed a family hamster with a
flashlight and squeezed a baby bird to
death after finding a nest outside when
an ESCO was 7 she went outside she got
into a bird's nest she killed the baby
birds according to Nazca the voices in
her head told her to do it this is by
any standard a terribly sad and
disturbing case and anezka is easily one
of dr. Phil's most troubled guests the
brains engine is out of sync and not in
rhythm with itself which might explain
why she's having a lot of aggression and
impulse control number three
Burke Ramsey but somebody comes in your
room with a flashlight and you never get
up and say what is going on here
in 1996 child beauty queen JonBenet
Ramsey was murdered in her house the
case remains unsolved and after 20 years
her brother Burke broke his silence and
granted an exclusive interview to dr.
Phil I'll add the worry type about that
as part of me doesn't want to know what
school some people took issue with it
many viewers noted Burke's awkward and
fidgety demeanor and found him
unsettlingly unreliable this forced dr.
failed to defend Burke on his show
claiming that Burke was just nervous
Burke is a shocking guest not only
because of his emergence after 20 years
with a horrific account of the night his
sister was killed but because his
appearance caused so much controversy
and discussion in the media for a long
time the media
basically made our lives crazy number
two Niki do you really want help or do
you just want to have a baby and then go
back out on the streets in this episode
we watch as a heroin addict is chastised
by her family however Niki is no
ordinary junkie she is an 8 month
pregnant opiate addict according to the
narrative related on the show
Niki was very close to having a baby she
lived in a van and dabbled in
prostitution so she could buy herself
and her boyfriend heroin and then go buy
some drugs and come back and who we use
together she also admitted to overdosing
when she was 7 months pregnant and that
she puts heroin before her baby
sometimes dr. Phil cases can shock you
sometimes they can scare you and in the
case of Nikki they make you feel wicked
shame and anger at the subjects involved
I've been doing this for 40 years and
you girl are circling the drain before
we unveil our topic here are a few
dishonorable mentions one of my biggest
temptations it's wanting to whack you
across that I know it's Jesus I don't
care if my family just owns me it really
comes down to if you're a true believer
in Jesus or not you are not involved not
with this man no you do not have this
predator in or around your children no
secrets no I will be your spectacle I
will be your laughing laughing spectacle
you can all have it man
well you know what I think we're just
going to shut this down because I'm not
into all this melodrama and you playing
the victim and everything so number one
Zachary Davis did you kill your mother
yeah it's not often that a convicted
murderer gives an interview to dr. Phil
but here you go in 2012 teenager Zachary
Davis bludgeoned his mother to death
with a sledgehammer dr. Phil interviewed
him two months before his trial one
which eventually led to a life sentence
for Davis and this was easily the
creepiest and most shocking interview
and dr. Phil history where was she when
you did this
she was and what was she doing she
always sleep davis detailed why and how
he murdered his mother and throughout
the interview he simply stares at the
doctor with emotionless eyes and speaks
in an unnerving jigsaw esque monotone
voice the interview is full of tension
and horrific content and we can barely
stand to watch it are you sorry that
your mother's dead Harris do you agree
with our picks check out these other
great clips from ms mojo and subscribe
for new videos every day